Proofreading-OV-Runtime (#11658)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/CPU.md

The `Bfloat16` software simulation mode is available on CPUs with Intel® AVX-512 instruction set that do not support the native `avx512_bf16` instruction. This mode is used for development purposes and it does not guarantee good performance.
To enable the simulation, the `ov::hint::inference_precision` has to be explicitly set to `ov::element::bf16`.

> **NOTE**: If ov::hint::inference_precision is set to ov::element::bf16 on a CPU without native bfloat16 support or bfloat16 simulation mode, an exception is thrown.

> **NOTE**: Due to the reduced mantissa size of the `bfloat16` data type, the resulting `bf16` inference accuracy may differ from the `f32` inference, especially for models that were not trained using the `bfloat16` data type. If the `bf16` inference accuracy is not acceptable, it is recommended to switch to the `f32` precision.
  
## Supported Features

> The plugin supports the following features:

Reviewer: same as the previously (provided you are checking them in reverse order ;) ), do we really need it?

@endsphinxtabset

> For more details, see the [Multi-device execution page](../multi_device.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more details, see the [Multi-device execution](../multi_device.md) article.
```

### Multi-stream Execution
If either `ov::num_streams(n_streams)` with `n_streams > 1` or `ov::hint::performance_mode(ov::hint::PerformanceMode::THROUGHPUT)` property is set for CPU plugin,
then multiple streams are created for the model. In case of CPU plugin, each stream has its own host thread, which means that incoming infer requests can be processed simultaneously.
Each stream is pinned to its own group of physical cores with respect to NUMA nodes physical memory usage to minimize overhead on data transfer between NUMA nodes.

> For more details, see the [optimization guide](@ref openvino_docs_deployment_optimization_guide_dldt_optimization_guide).

Reviewer: Why are we excluding the word "guide" from the link?

> For more details, see the [optimization guide](@ref openvino_docs_deployment_optimization_guide_dldt_optimization_guide).

Reviewer 2: Didn't we agree on this form? Points 1 and 14 in "Suggestion" tab of our excel file. All the examples there have words like guide/article/tutorial separated from the link.

> **NOTE**: When it comes to latency, one needs to keep in mind that running only one stream on multi-socket platform may introduce additional overheads on data transfer between NUMA nodes.

> > In that case it is better to use the `ov::hint::PerformanceMode::LATENCY` performance hint. For more details see the [performance hints overview](@ref openvino_docs_OV_UG_Performance_Hints).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> In that case it is better to use the `ov::hint::PerformanceMode::LATENCY` performance hint. For more details see the [performance hints](@ref openvino_docs_OV_UG_Performance_Hints) overview.
```

@endsphinxtabset

> **NOTE**: Using fully undefined shapes may result in significantly higher memory consumption compared to inferring the same model with static shapes.

> > If the memory consumption is unacceptable but dynamic shapes are still required, one can reshape the model using shapes with defined upper bound to reduce memory footprint.

Author: > 

```suggestion
> If the memory consumption is unacceptable but dynamic shapes are still required, the model can be reshaped using shapes with defined upper bound to reduce memory footprint.
```

    * boolean
@endsphinxdirective

### Models Caching
CPU plugin supports Import/Export network capability. If the model caching is enabled via common OpenVINO™ `ov::cache_dir` property, the plugin will automatically create a cached blob inside the specified directory during model compilation.
This cached blob contains some intermediate representation of the network that it has after common runtime optimizations and low precision transformations.

> The next time the model is compiled, the cached representation will be loaded to the plugin instead of the initial IR, so the aforementioned transformation steps will be skipped.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The next time the model is compiled, the cached representation will be loaded to the plugin instead of the initial OpenVINO IR, so the aforementioned transformation steps will be skipped.
```

These transformations take a significant amount of time during model compilation, so caching this representation reduces time spent for subsequent compilations of the model,
thereby reducing first inference latency (FIL).

For more details, see the [model caching overview](@ref openvino_docs_OV_UG_Model_caching_overview).

### Extensibility
CPU plugin supports fallback on `ov::Op` reference implementation if the plugin do not have its own implementation for such operation.
That means that [OpenVINO™ Extensibility Mechanism](@ref openvino_docs_Extensibility_UG_Intro) can be used for the plugin extension as well.

> To enable fallback on a custom operation implementation, one have to override `ov::Op::evaluate` method in the derived operation class (see [custom OpenVINO™ operations](@ref openvino_docs_Extensibility_UG_add_openvino_ops) for details).

Author: > 

```suggestion
Enabling fallback on a custom operation implementation is possible by overriding the `ov::Op::evaluate` method in the derived operation class (see [custom OpenVINO™ operations](@ref openvino_docs_Extensibility_UG_add_openvino_ops) for details).
```
